Let's work on bringing
all that down to the UI.
And then we'll work on
the update of the autosave.
So all right, this one's easy, right.
So cuz it's a server component, so
all we have to do is go to this page,
journal > page.
You see where we have getEntries.
Well we also just want to get
the analysis for this entry,
we can do this in like
three lines of code.
We actually don't need to do
another query with prisma.
We can just say hey, for this entry we
can just do this thing called includes or
include, and
we wanna include an analysis to be true.
So this will work for
the one that we just created, but
the other ones won't have an analysis
because we didn't have an analysis for
them cuz they were created
before we had analysis.
So I might go back and just delete those
from the database just so it works.
But yeah, it'll work for the one I
just made cuz it has analysis, and
any one going forward.
Cool, so now we have that analysis.
All right, am I on the right page?
I'm on the wrong page, I'm sorry,
I need to go on the one that has ID on it.
I'm like, wait, why does it say entries?
You need to go to journal ID page,
that makes more sense.
Same thing though, underneath
where I just put include analysis.
This is like a join table in SQL or MySQL,
this is like a population in Mongo.
All right, and now,
We can just replace these values, right.
So we could just say cool,
this will be entry.
Actually let me just,
I'll just write them, nah,
I don't feel like writing them out,
I'm gonna do structure.
That's just, I can't do it.
[LAUGH] So we'll say mood, summary.
Can you stop capitalizing that please,
there we go.
color, subject, and
then negative) = entry?.analysis.
And now we just pass those in here, so
this will be summary,
this will be subjects,
this will be mood, and this will be color.
And then I guess the other one
that I didn't add was, let me see.
Mood, subject, summary.
>> Is negative color?
>> Negative, yeah,
I don't know why I did that.
Yeah, I'm sorry, I'm like, what?
Negative and then color.
Yeah, I guess color goes down here,
right, color is bound to this.
Where is that, right here,
it's bound to this, right.
So you basically just get
rid of this CSS class.
And then you add a style tag I
need to say backgroundColor, and
then you would just say color.
Cool, I'll save that.
This thing's just freaking out cuz
it's off sype script.
So hopefully we're good here,
let's see what happens, boom.
Looks good.
So the only one that's messed
up is the negative one, and
that's because it's trying
to render a boolean.
So you'll just say like, if it is negative
put the word true, or false if it's not.
Or I'm sorry, yeah, that way, yeah.
So if it is negative, negative is true,
otherwise it's false,
as a string and it'll show.
Cool, pretty awesome.
So right now obviously when we update this
it's not going to update in real time
because we didn't go back and add that
analysis function on the update API call.
But we'll do that after
after we come back.